Two Equal Columns {#two-equal-columns}
-----------------

#### Think Beyond the PowerPoint Templates {#think-beyond-the-powerpoint-templates}
{: .column-split}
PowerPoint is by far the most popular visualization tool, but the
built-in templates in the program might not be doing your data any
favors. Rather than trying to get fancy (yeah, this is directed at 3D
pie charts), try to keep your visualizations as simple and uncluttered
as possible. If you really want to go for it Design Bundles has a great
selection of tools for infographics. These can look spectacular and
really make data sing.

{: .column-split}
![Italian Trulli]


<div class="column-split" markdown="1">

#### Think Beyond the PowerPoint Templates {#think-beyond-the-powerpoint-templates-1}

PowerPoint is by far the most popular visualization tool, but the
built-in templates in the program might not be doing your data any
favors. Rather than trying to get fancy (yeah, this is directed at 3D
pie charts), try to keep your visualizations as simple and uncluttered
as possible. If you really want to go for it Design Bundles has a great
selection of tools for infographics. These can look spectacular and
really make data sing.

</div>

<div class="column-split" markdown="1">

![Italian Trulli]

</div>

<div class="column-split" markdown="1">

#### Think Beyond the PowerPoint Templates {#think-beyond-the-powerpoint-templates-2}

PowerPoint is by far the most popular visualization tool, but the
built-in templates in the program might not be doing your data any
favors. Rather than trying to get fancy (yeah, this is directed at 3D
pie charts), try to keep your visualizations as simple and uncluttered
as possible. If you really want to go for it Design Bundles has a great
selection of tools for infographics. These can look spectacular and
really make data sing.

</div>

<div class="column-split" markdown="1">

![Italian Trulli]

</div>

  [Italian Trulli]: https://mehta-gaurav.github.io/images/Oldfaithful3.png
